(Account Management) Cross-Org Visibility best practices (#35895)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/account_management/org_settings/cross_org_visibility.md

Creating a cross-organization connection allows you to query metrics from the source organization in the destination organization.

> <div class="alert alert-info">Datadog recommends using a <a href="/account_management/org_settings/service_accounts/">Service Account</a> to create and manage cross-organization connections. Connections are tied to their creator's account: if the creator's account is deactivated, the connection is deleted, which can interrupt data flow. Service Accounts are not tied to individual users and avoid this operational risk. Service Account application keys can also be used with the <a href="/account_management/org_settings/cross_org_visibility_api">Cross-Org Connections API</a> to create and manage connections programmatically.</div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-info">Datadog recommends using a <ahref="/account_management/org_settings/service_accounts/">service account</a> to create and manage cross-organization connections. Connections are tied to their creator's account: if the creator's account is deactivated, the connection is deleted, which can interrupt data flow. Service accounts are not tied to individual users and avoid this operational risk. Service account application keys can also be used with the <ahref="/account_management/org_settings/cross_org_visibility_api/">Cross-Org Connections API</a> to create and manage connections programmatically.</div>
```

Reviewer: Should lowercase "Service account" here and also links were missing a trailing slash.

- From the source organization: who can edit the connection.
- From the destination organization: who can view the shared data, and who can edit the connection.

> Connections from the source org inherit the data access permissions of the connection's creator. If the creator is restricted from seeing any data by [Data Access Control][13] or [Log Restriction Queries][14], this data is not accessible from the destination org. If the creator's account is deactivated, the connection is deleted. This results in a data flow continuity issue, not a security risk—access restrictions are not lifted when a connection is deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Connections from the source org inherit the data access permissions of the connection's creator. If the creator is restricted from seeing any data by [Data Access Control][13] or [Log Restriction Queries][14], this data is not accessible from the destination org. If the creator's account is deactivated, the connection is deleted. This interrupts data flow but does not create a security risk: deleting a connection does not lift access restrictions.
```
Just suggest to reword slightly

[12]: /account_management/rbac/granular_access
[13]: /account_management/rbac/data_access/
[14]: /logs/guide/logs-rbac-permissions/?tab=ui#create-a-restriction-query

> [15]: /account_management/org_settings/service_accounts/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
don't think you need this anymore since you are using it in the `ahref` tags
